README.md, before:

THis Project use the following Medium post
how can we use the MVVM pattern with Retrofit, RxJava, and Dagger 2.

Basic MVVM/ RX/DAGGER

MVVM with Kotlin — Android Architecture Components, Dagger 2, Retrofit and RxAndroid
https://proandroiddev.com/mvvm-with-kotlin-android-architecture-components-dagger-2-retrofit-and-rxandroid-1a4ebb38c699

Android MVVM with Dagger 2, Retrofit, RxJava, Architecture Components
https://android.jlelse.eu/android-mvvm-with-dagger-2-retrofit-rxjava-architecture-components-6f5da1a75135

Clean Architecture — Kotlin, Dagger 2, RxJava, MVVM and Unit Testing
https://medium.com/@rahul.singh/clean-architecture-kotlin-dagger-2-rxjava-mvvm-and-unit-testing-dc05dcdf3ce6

MVVM architecture, ViewModel and LiveData (Part 1)
https://proandroiddev.com/mvvm-architecture-viewmodel-and-livedata-part-1-604f50cda1
https://proandroiddev.com/mvvm-architecture-viewmodel-and-livedata-part-2-di-1a6b1f96d84b

ViewModels and LiveData: Patterns + AntiPatterns
https://medium.com/androiddevelopers/viewmodels-and-livedata-patterns-antipatterns-21efaef74a54

LiveData with SnackBar, Navigation and other events (the SingleLiveEvent case)
https://medium.com/androiddevelopers/livedata-with-snackbar-navigation-and-other-events-the-singleliveevent-case-ac2622673150

The death of Presenters and the rise of ViewModels (AAC).
https://proandroiddev.com/the-death-of-presenters-and-the-rise-of-viewmodels-aac-f14d54b419a
https://proandroiddev.com/viewmodel-with-dagger2-architecture-components-2e06f06c9455


-------------------------------------------------
Dagger2
Dagger 2 Android : Defeat the Dahaka
https://proandroiddev.com/dagger-2-android-defeat-the-dahaka-b1c542233efc
https://proandroiddev.com/dagger-2-annotations-binds-contributesandroidinjector-a09e6a57758f

https://medium.com/@iammert/new-android-injector-with-dagger-2-part-1-8baa60152abe
https://medium.com/@iammert/new-android-injector-with-dagger-2-part-2-4af05fd783d0

https://code.luasoftware.com/tutorials/android/setup-dagger2-for-android-kotlin/
https://code.luasoftware.com/tutorials/android/dagger2-injection-for-fragment/

https://android.jlelse.eu/dagger-2-part-i-basic-principles-graph-dependencies-scopes-3dfd032ccd82

https://www.techyourchance.com/dependency-injection-viewmodel-with-dagger-2/

Android testing using Dagger 2, Mockito and a custom JUnit rul
https://medium.com/@fabioCollini/android-testing-using-dagger-2-mockito-and-a-custom-junit-rule-c8487ed01b56
-------------------------------------------------
Hiding API keys from your Android repository
https://medium.com/code-better/hiding-api-keys-from-your-android-repository-b23f5598b906

How To: RecyclerView with a Kotlin-Style Click Listener in Android
https://www.andreasjakl.com/recyclerview-kotlin-style-click-listener-android/

Kotlin - KTX
https://medium.com/exploring-android/exploring-ktx-for-android-13a369795b51
https://codinginfinite.com/android-ktx-fragment-ktx-palette-ktx-collection-ktx-sqlite-ktx/

=Yet Another Awesome Kotlin Feature: Parcelize
https://android.jlelse.eu/yet-another-awesome-kotlin-feature-parcelize-5439718ba220

-------------------------
https://medium.com/@bherbst/managing-the-fragment-back-stack-373e87e4ff62

Testing in Android with Espresso - Part 1 (Setup and Basics)
https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/testing-in-android-with-espresso-part-1
https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/testing-in-android-with-espresso-part-2

Android Test tricks - Sharing code between UI & unit tests
https://trickyandroid.com/android-test-tricks-sharing-code-between-unit-ui-tests/

Android Architecture Components: Testing your ViewModel LiveData
https://medium.com/exploring-android/android-architecture-components-testing-your-viewmodel-livedata-70177af89c6e

Instrumentation testing with MockWebServer and Dagger2
https://medium.com/mindorks/instrumentation-testing-with-mockwebserver-and-dagger2-56778477f0cf

Writing UI tests with Dagger Android and MockWebServer
https://medium.com/@jurajkunier/writing-ui-tests-with-dagger-android-and-mockwebserver-aed9564e89b3

Unit Test API Calls With MockWebServer
https://android.jlelse.eu/unit-test-api-calls-with-mockwebserver-d4fab11de847

How to be a Mock-Star
https://medium.com/fueled-engineering/how-to-be-a-mock-star-fc00714d8c2f

Dagger 2 on Android: The Official Guidelines You Should Be Following
https://proandroiddev.com/dagger-2-on-android-the-official-guidelines-you-should-be-following-2607fd6c002e

Integrate Espresso Idling Resources in your app to build flexible UI tests
https://android.jlelse.eu/integrate-espresso-idling-resources-in-your-app-to-build-flexible-ui-tests-c779e24f5057
        
PSA: Dont Use Espresso Idling Resources like Google does
https://www.philosophicalhacker.com/post/psa-dont-use-esprsso-idling-resources-like-this/

Android Testing pt 3.2 | Espresso Idling Resources With Firebase
http://myhexaville.com/2018/01/22/android-espresso-idling-resouces-firebase/

https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/android-testing/index.html?index=..%2F..%2Findex#0

Automated testing will set your engineering team free
https://medium.com/azimolabs/automated-testing-will-set-your-engineering-team-free-a89467c40731

OkHttp Idling Resource for Espresso
https://medium.com/insiden26/okhttp-idling-resource-for-espresso-462ef2417049

Idling Registry for OkHttp
https://wajahatkarim.com/2018/06/idling-registry-for-okhttp/

Efficient Android Testing Using WireMock And Espresso
https://medium.com/mindorks/efficient-android-testing-using-wiremock-and-espresso-cf2d7b7c735f

UI Testing on Android with Dagger, Espresso and Mockito
https://medium.com/appunite-edu-collection/ui-testing-on-android-with-dagger-espresso-and-mockito-12d37e5f613d
-------------------------
The New Android In-App Navigation
https://medium.com/@vepetruskova/the-new-android-in-app-navigation-f7bfbe925b9

Android Navigation Arch Component — A Curious Investigation
https://proandroiddev.com/android-navigation-arch-component-a-curious-investigation-3e56e24126e1

A problem like Navigation — Part 1
https://medium.com/a-problem-like-maria/a-problem-like-navigation-e9821625a70e
https://medium.com/a-problem-like-maria/a-problem-like-navigation-part-2-63e46a565d4b

https://medium.com/@Alex.v/android-navigation-architecture-component-25b5a7aab8aa

------------------------
Android Testing pt 3.1 | Espresso Tests, Automated Disabling Animations
http://myhexaville.com/2018/01/15/android-espresso-testing/

Empty View for Android's RecyclerView
http://akbaribrahim.com/empty-view-for-androids-recyclerview/

Adding Swipe-to-Refresh To Your App
https://developer.android.com/training/swipe/add-swipe-interface

Loading images with data binding and Picasso
https://android.jlelse.eu/loading-images-with-data-binding-and-picasso-555dad683fdc

Using sample data resources in Android Studio
https://segunfamisa.com/posts/sample-data-with-android-studio

Shared Element Transitions - Updates
https://mikescamell.com/shared-element-transitions-updates/

DiffUtil is a must!
https://proandroiddev.com/diffutil-is-a-must-797502bc1149

Using DiffUtil in Android RecyclerView
https://medium.com/@iammert/using-diffutil-in-android-recyclerview-bdca8e4fbb00

A nice combination of RxJava and DiffUtil
https://hellsoft.se/a-nice-combination-of-rxjava-and-diffutil-fe3807186012

Commit message:

refactor to use movie api

README.md, after:

THis Project use the following Medium movie
how can we use the MVVM pattern with Retrofit, RxJava, and Dagger 2.

Basic MVVM/ RX/DAGGER

MVVM with Kotlin — Android Architecture Components, Dagger 2, Retrofit and RxAndroid
https://proandroiddev.com/mvvm-with-kotlin-android-architecture-components-dagger-2-retrofit-and-rxandroid-1a4ebb38c699

Android MVVM with Dagger 2, Retrofit, RxJava, Architecture Components
https://android.jlelse.eu/android-mvvm-with-dagger-2-retrofit-rxjava-architecture-components-6f5da1a75135

Clean Architecture — Kotlin, Dagger 2, RxJava, MVVM and Unit Testing
https://medium.com/@rahul.singh/clean-architecture-kotlin-dagger-2-rxjava-mvvm-and-unit-testing-dc05dcdf3ce6

MVVM architecture, ViewModel and LiveData (Part 1)
https://proandroiddev.com/mvvm-architecture-viewmodel-and-livedata-part-1-604f50cda1
https://proandroiddev.com/mvvm-architecture-viewmodel-and-livedata-part-2-di-1a6b1f96d84b

ViewModels and LiveData: Patterns + AntiPatterns
https://medium.com/androiddevelopers/viewmodels-and-livedata-patterns-antipatterns-21efaef74a54

LiveData with SnackBar, Navigation and other events (the SingleLiveEvent case)
https://medium.com/androiddevelopers/livedata-with-snackbar-navigation-and-other-events-the-singleliveevent-case-ac2622673150

The death of Presenters and the rise of ViewModels (AAC).
https://proandroiddev.com/the-death-of-presenters-and-the-rise-of-viewmodels-aac-f14d54b419a
https://proandroiddev.com/viewmodel-with-dagger2-architecture-components-2e06f06c9455


-------------------------------------------------
Dagger2
Dagger 2 Android : Defeat the Dahaka
https://proandroiddev.com/dagger-2-android-defeat-the-dahaka-b1c542233efc
https://proandroiddev.com/dagger-2-annotations-binds-contributesandroidinjector-a09e6a57758f

https://medium.com/@iammert/new-android-injector-with-dagger-2-part-1-8baa60152abe
https://medium.com/@iammert/new-android-injector-with-dagger-2-part-2-4af05fd783d0

https://code.luasoftware.com/tutorials/android/setup-dagger2-for-android-kotlin/
https://code.luasoftware.com/tutorials/android/dagger2-injection-for-fragment/

https://android.jlelse.eu/dagger-2-part-i-basic-principles-graph-dependencies-scopes-3dfd032ccd82

https://www.techyourchance.com/dependency-injection-viewmodel-with-dagger-2/

Android testing using Dagger 2, Mockito and a custom JUnit rul
https://medium.com/@fabioCollini/android-testing-using-dagger-2-mockito-and-a-custom-junit-rule-c8487ed01b56

Dagger 2 for Android, Part III ー The @Qualifier and @Named Annotation
https://bloggie.io/@_junrong/dagger-2-for-android-part-iii-the-qualifier-and-named-annotation
-------------------------------------------------
Hiding API keys from your Android repository
https://medium.com/code-better/hiding-api-keys-from-your-android-repository-b23f5598b906

How To: RecyclerView with a Kotlin-Style Click Listener in Android
https://www.andreasjakl.com/recyclerview-kotlin-style-click-listener-android/

Kotlin - KTX
https://medium.com/exploring-android/exploring-ktx-for-android-13a369795b51
https://codinginfinite.com/android-ktx-fragment-ktx-palette-ktx-collection-ktx-sqlite-ktx/

=Yet Another Awesome Kotlin Feature: Parcelize
https://android.jlelse.eu/yet-another-awesome-kotlin-feature-parcelize-5439718ba220

-------------------------
https://medium.com/@bherbst/managing-the-fragment-back-stack-373e87e4ff62

Testing in Android with Espresso - Part 1 (Setup and Basics)
https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/testing-in-android-with-espresso-part-1
https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/testing-in-android-with-espresso-part-2

Android Test tricks - Sharing code between UI & unit tests
https://trickyandroid.com/android-test-tricks-sharing-code-between-unit-ui-tests/

Android Architecture Components: Testing your ViewModel LiveData
https://medium.com/exploring-android/android-architecture-components-testing-your-viewmodel-livedata-70177af89c6e

Instrumentation testing with MockWebServer and Dagger2
https://medium.com/mindorks/instrumentation-testing-with-mockwebserver-and-dagger2-56778477f0cf

Writing UI tests with Dagger Android and MockWebServer
https://medium.com/@jurajkunier/writing-ui-tests-with-dagger-android-and-mockwebserver-aed9564e89b3

Unit Test API Calls With MockWebServer
https://android.jlelse.eu/unit-test-api-calls-with-mockwebserver-d4fab11de847

How to be a Mock-Star
https://medium.com/fueled-engineering/how-to-be-a-mock-star-fc00714d8c2f

Dagger 2 on Android: The Official Guidelines You Should Be Following
https://proandroiddev.com/dagger-2-on-android-the-official-guidelines-you-should-be-following-2607fd6c002e

Integrate Espresso Idling Resources in your app to build flexible UI tests
https://android.jlelse.eu/integrate-espresso-idling-resources-in-your-app-to-build-flexible-ui-tests-c779e24f5057
        
PSA: Dont Use Espresso Idling Resources like Google does
https://www.philosophicalhacker.com/movie/psa-dont-use-esprsso-idling-resources-like-this/

Android Testing pt 3.2 | Espresso Idling Resources With Firebase
http://myhexaville.com/2018/01/22/android-espresso-idling-resouces-firebase/

https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/android-testing/index.html?index=..%2F..%2Findex#0

Automated testing will set your engineering team free
https://medium.com/azimolabs/automated-testing-will-set-your-engineering-team-free-a89467c40731

OkHttp Idling Resource for Espresso
https://medium.com/insiden26/okhttp-idling-resource-for-espresso-462ef2417049

Idling Registry for OkHttp
https://wajahatkarim.com/2018/06/idling-registry-for-okhttp/

Efficient Android Testing Using WireMock And Espresso
https://medium.com/mindorks/efficient-android-testing-using-wiremock-and-espresso-cf2d7b7c735f

UI Testing on Android with Dagger, Espresso and Mockito
https://medium.com/appunite-edu-collection/ui-testing-on-android-with-dagger-espresso-and-mockito-12d37e5f613d
-------------------------
The New Android In-App Navigation
https://medium.com/@vepetruskova/the-new-android-in-app-navigation-f7bfbe925b9

Android Navigation Arch Component — A Curious Investigation
https://proandroiddev.com/android-navigation-arch-component-a-curious-investigation-3e56e24126e1

A problem like Navigation — Part 1
https://medium.com/a-problem-like-maria/a-problem-like-navigation-e9821625a70e
https://medium.com/a-problem-like-maria/a-problem-like-navigation-part-2-63e46a565d4b

https://medium.com/@Alex.v/android-navigation-architecture-component-25b5a7aab8aa

------------------------
Android Testing pt 3.1 | Espresso Tests, Automated Disabling Animations
http://myhexaville.com/2018/01/15/android-espresso-testing/

Empty View for Android's RecyclerView
http://akbaribrahim.com/empty-view-for-androids-recyclerview/

Adding Swipe-to-Refresh To Your App
https://developer.android.com/training/swipe/add-swipe-interface

Loading images with data binding and Picasso
https://android.jlelse.eu/loading-images-with-data-binding-and-picasso-555dad683fdc

Using sample data resources in Android Studio
https://segunfamisa.com/posts/sample-data-with-android-studio

Shared Element Transitions - Updates
https://mikescamell.com/shared-element-transitions-updates/

DiffUtil is a must!
https://proandroiddev.com/diffutil-is-a-must-797502bc1149

Using DiffUtil in Android RecyclerView
https://medium.com/@iammert/using-diffutil-in-android-recyclerview-bdca8e4fbb00

A nice combination of RxJava and DiffUtil
https://hellsoft.se/a-nice-combination-of-rxjava-and-diffutil-fe3807186012

Gradle: Android Build Variables Done Right
https://medium.com/@rafamatias/gradle-android-build-variables-done-right-d0c0e296ee93
